Task 2

1. why do you like to join as a software developer?

   personally i enjoy the challenge for solving complex problems and finding  innovative solutions to them.
   As a software developer it gives more oppurtunities to interact with colleagues of different departments,regarding project which gives a chance to learn
   more from others.
   As a part of a team i can share my knowledge and ideas and expand the understanding of good development practises and there by developing innovative 
   ideas for future projects.
   I have always been fascinated by how computers work and how they can be used to solve complex problems.
   I am also excited by the potential to use softwares to make a positive and usefull and easy solutions to the world.
   

2. List top 3 softwares/tools that inspire you.why do these tools inspire you?
 
   a. Linux-  it has inspired the open-source software movement and inspiration for various other open-source projects.
      Linux has been around since the mid-1990s with the short span of time Linux is actually everywhere, as a inspiration for various opens source projects.
      Linux is an operating system, Without it the software wouldn’t function. Linux has evolved into one of the most reliable computer ecosystems on the planet. 
    

   b. Git-Git is not a programming language, but it's become incredibly important for computer programmers working in almost any language.
          Git, the distributed version control system, is primarily written in the C programming language.
          Most GitHub features work regardless of which languages your code is written in. 


    c. Android Operating System - Its widespread adoption on smartphones and tablets has made it a dominant force in the mobile ecosystem, providing opportunities
                                   for developers to create diverse and innovative applications.
                                   Android's open-source nature encourages innovative developers can experiment with new features, improvements, and customizations, 
                                   leading to the creation of innovative applications and solutions.
                                   Android runs on a wide range of devices with diverse hardware specifications. This diversity has inspired innovation by challenging
                                   developers to create applications that can adapt to various screen sizes, resolutions, and hardware capabilities. 


3. List top 3 organizations you like to join in your career and why you like these organisations.

   a. TATA Consultancy Services-TCS is one of the largest IT services and consulting companies globally. It offers a wide range of services, including software development, 
                                consulting, business process outsourcing, infrastructure services, and more.
                                TCS operates in numerous countries and has a strong global presence. It serves clients in various industries, including finance, healthcare, 
                                telecommunications, retail, manufacturing, and more.
                                

  b. Infosys Pvt Ltd -  it is an Indian multinational corporation that provides information technology (IT) consulting, software development, and outsourcing services.
                        
  
  c. Wipro - Wipro offers a diverse range of services, including IT consulting, application development and maintenance, infrastructure services, business process outsourcing, and digital transformation. 
  

  For me i consider as a great oppurtunity to be the part of these organisations.which will give more learning oppurtuinities and innovative carreer for future.



4. How you position yourself in this industry after 2 years.
   
      As a fresher, After 2 years I see myself as a valuable member of the team who has made significant contributions to the company’s success. I hope to have developed strong skills and to have opportunities for advancement and career growth.

5. List 3 projects/products you have built or have planned to build in the upcomming year,also explain your role in the same.

    1.online job and on demand services- project done during the final year MCA 

    2. Orgreenic cart- project for selling organic products directly from the farmers and selling to customers on their demand.

    3.project that helps to store all medical reports from all individuals and predicting the physical condition using machine learning and artificial intelligence

 